Default `icon` according to `color` variant in the `Alert` (#992)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/Alert/README.md

<Alert color="informative" isCentered>Hey! Pay attention!</Alert>
```

> ## Default icons according to color variant

Reviewer: Title Case Please 🙏🏻

| Color name    | Icon name     |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `danger`      | `warning`     |
| `default`     | `info`        |
| `informative` | `info`        |
| `success`     | `check-plain` |
| `warning`     | `warning`     |

## Available props

| Prop name      | Type                                         | Default   | Required | Description                |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- | -------------------------- |
| `children`     | `ReactNode`                                  | -         | yes      | Content of the Alert       |
| `color`        | [Emotion Color dictionary][dictionary-color] | `success` | no       | Color of the component     |
| `iconName`     | `string`                                     | `info` \* | no       | Icon used in Alert         |
| `isCentered` . | `boolean`                                    | `false`   | no       | If true, Alert is centered |

> (\*) For every emotion color is defined default icon from the [Icon package] or your source of icons.

Reviewer: 🇨🇿 👀 

```suggestion
(\*) For each emotion color, a default icon is defined. The icons come from the [Icon package], or from your custom source of icons.
```

AI will surely provide even better phrasing.

Author: 🙈

<Alert color="informative" isCentered>Hey! Pay attention!</Alert>
```

## Default Icons according to Color Variant

| Color name    | Icon name     |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| `danger`      | `warning`     |
| `default`     | `info`        |
| `informative` | `info`        |
| `success`     | `check-plain` |
| `warning`     | `warning`     |

## Available props

| Prop name      | Type                                         | Default   | Required | Description                |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- | -------------------------- |
| `children`     | `ReactNode`                                  | -         | yes      | Content of the Alert       |
| `color`        | [Emotion Color dictionary][dictionary-color] | `success` | no       | Color of the component     |
| `iconName`     | `string`                                     | `info` \* | no       | Icon used in Alert         |

> | `isCentered` . | `boolean`                                    | `false`   | no       | If true, Alert is centered |

Reviewer 2: Fixed
